hi guys i just wanted to do a quick
whole video of the stuff that i bought
this weekend I wasn't you know spending
a lot of money there were still some
promotions going on inside of the stores
even though the sale period is over so I
concentrated on accessories because they
were on a good deal and I really loved
this some of the pieces that I found
basically I want to pitch to Brigitte
and this is where I got all the
accessories that i'm going to show you
from so first i go to this ring and i
really love this ring because it's a
very bold its silver very unusual and i
actually like wearing it like this or
even on my middle finger like that and
this was five years and ninety-five
cents on visual bridget then i also got
some necklaces because necklaces were at
an awesome awesome deal even the ones
that were originally like 20 years they
were now only two euros so I was kind of
in temptation to buy a lot but I got
only three because I decided this month
I'm going to save a bit more money
because on the sales I got kind of went
over the board and I really you know
indulge into shopping but this month I
have to restrain myself a little bit so
that's why I got only the negativity
that I will really love them so this is
the first necklace that i got and as you
can see it's kind of ethnic tribal
inspired and this is the type of jewelry
that i really love especially now that
the spring is kind of approaching i will
be able to wear like basic simple
t-shirts and tops in solid color and
then just a nice accessory like this one
to complete my entire so bc mind
milodon summer on the sea I don't know
looking at it it just reminds me on
water on the sea on holidays this is my
first you know impression when looking
at this necklace once again very ethnic
inspired and this is how it looks like
it's a beautiful beautiful necklace I
fell in love with this one because I
really like the red details and then the
silver metal details in the chain so
beautiful and this was originally 24 and
18 and it was again 2 euros so that's an
amazing deal you will be able to see the
pictures more clothes than my blog so
don't forget to check it out and the
third network that I got is again
ethnics rider has acquired this video so
this is how it looks like loving the
turquoise and orange beat so gorgeous
and this metal kind of old gold pendant
loving this I really really adore this
necklace and this I had instantly in
mind just you know simple white cami and
you know jeans and maybe a pair of
sandals very simple ones maybe brown
leather ones or camel color ones and
this necklace it's gorgeous it will
complete the look and in summer it will
be my staple item definitely so this was
my little fall as i said i didn't buy
much because i am trying to save more
money this month so i hope you guys
enjoyed and I will talk to very very
soon
you